content_bard:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>On Allee du Kaai, at the back of the 53Bis building, there is an empty container. We are looking for a partner to (re)activate this container and the outdoor space around it.&nbsp;</p><p>It is a multifunctional container without heating, which is four metres long and three metres wide and has electricity and a built-in cupboard. There is natural light through the double-glazed window. The container is divided into two parts.&nbsp;</p>'
  -
    type: image
    value:
      - /assets/container.jpg
      - /assets/dsc00722.jpg
  -
    type: text
    text: |
      <p>A number of rules must be taken into account within the project; for example, the project must fit within the general philosophy of Allee du Kaai, there must be no neighbourhood noise and the activities can only continue until 10pm.&nbsp;</p><p>We are looking for a partner who wants to be part of Allee du Kaai. Who wants to get involved in the dynamics of the project. Do you want to help build this project, a place for everyone by everyone? 
      
      Does your project fit in this picture and are you looking for a space to realise or expand your project?&nbsp;</p><p>The deadline is 30/06/2021.&nbsp;</p><p>More information will be communicated at the viewing moment.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to mail to <a href="felix@toestand.be">felix@toestand.be</a></p><p><br></p>
      
title: 'Container seeks partner'
descr: |
  <p>We are looking for a partner who wants to be part of Allee du Kaai. Does your project fit in this picture and are you looking for a space to realise or expand your project?
  </p>
  
id: 20bfeb0f-f8b1-4d4d-b51f-b3c5c5984823
