content_bard:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<h3>Workshop 1: BASIC TOOLS</h3><p>In this workshop you will learn how to work safely and correctly with basic tools such as a circular saw, a drill, a level or how best to use a wood, metal or stone drill and much more.</p><p>When? 10/11/2021 + 01/12/2021 + 22/12/2021 + 12/01/2022</p><h3>Workshop 2:&nbsp;HOW TO FIND AN EMPTY BUILDING</h3><p>The search for an empty building is not always smooth and easy. In this workshop we teach you how to search for an empty building that meets your expectations, what to look for and how to get legal access to it.&nbsp;</p><p>When? 13/11/2021</p><h3>Workshop 3: CRYPTO PARTY&nbsp;</h3><p>In our crypto party workshop you will learn how to secure your internet data and how to make sure it is not misused.</p><p>When? 20/11/2021</p><h3>WORKSHOP 4:&nbsp;<b>BASIC PLUMBING</b></h3><p>This workshop teaches you how to fix leaks, how to connect showers, washbasins and toilets.&nbsp;</p><p>When? 11/12/2021</p><h3>WORKSHOP 5:&nbsp;<b>BASIC ELECTRICITY</b></h3><p>Working with electricity has to be done safely and correctly. In our basic electricity workshop you get a basic knowledge, checklist and dos and don''ts for working with electricity. &nbsp;</p><p>When? 15/01/2021</p><h3>WORKSHOP 6: WELDING</h3><p>In this workshop we teach you how to weld metal pieces together in a correct and safe way.</p><p>When? 12/02/2022</p><p><br></p>'
title: 'Toestand Academy is back!'
descr: |
  <p>Toestand Academy offers a series of workshops in which we teach you how to find your way within various DIY themes that one can face during the temporary use of an empty building. These workshops are given by experts who come to share their knowledge and experience.
  </p>
  
id: 5b1b0ae4-60f7-4878-bf36-5919dc90a63e
